eng/common/tsp-client/README.md, before:

# TypeSpec Client Generator CLI

This directory contains npm package definitions for `@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli` (tsp-client) with pinned versions to ensure reproducible builds across environments.

## Files

- **`package.json`** - npm package definition with pinned tsp-client version
- **`package-lock.json`** - Lock file ensuring exact dependency versions

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (with npm) - Required to install and run tsp-client

## Installation

### Install dependencies

```bash
# Navigate to this directory
cd eng/common/tsp-client

# Install dependencies (for development/manual use)
npm ci

## Usage

After installation, you can run tsp-client using one of these approaches:

### Option 1: Change directory approach (recommended)

```bash
cd eng/common/tsp-client

# Get help
npm exec --no -- tsp-client --help

# Check version
npm exec --no -- tsp-client version

# Generate client code
npm exec --no -- tsp-client generate --output-dir ./generated

# Initialize a new project
npm exec --no -- tsp-client init --config ./tspconfig.yaml
```

### Option 2: Using environment variable

```bash
# Set repository root (adjust path as needed)
export REPO_ROOT=$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)

# Get help
npm exec --prefix "${REPO_ROOT}/eng/common/tsp-client" --no -- tsp-client --help

# Check version
npm exec --prefix "${REPO_ROOT}/eng/common/tsp-client" --no -- tsp-client version

# Generate client code
npm exec --prefix "${REPO_ROOT}/eng/common/tsp-client" --no -- tsp-client generate --output-dir ./generated

# Initialize a new project
npm exec --prefix "${REPO_ROOT}/eng/common/tsp-client" --no -- tsp-client init --config ./tspconfig.yaml
```

## CI/CD Best Practices

```bash
cd eng/common/tsp-client
npm i --ignore-scripts --no-audit
npm exec --no -- tsp-client init --update-if-exists --tsp-config https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/dee71463cbde1d416c47cf544e34f7966a94ddcb/specification/contosowidgetmanager/Contoso.WidgetManager/tspconfig.yaml
```

## Package Management

### Automatic Updates via Dependabot

Dependabot is configured to automatically check for updates to `@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli` daily and create pull requests with updated `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files. This ensures the package stays current with the latest versions while maintaining security through the PR review process.

### Manual Version Updates

If you need to manually update the tsp-client version:

1. Edit `package.json` to update the version:

   ```json
   {
     "dependencies": {
       "@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli": "0.8.0"
     }
   }
   ```

2. Update the lock file:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Commit both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`

Commit message:

Removed 'prefix' option approach from usage

eng/common/tsp-client/README.md, after:

# TypeSpec Client Generator CLI

This directory contains npm package definitions for `@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli` (tsp-client) with pinned versions to ensure reproducible builds across environments.

## Files

- **`package.json`** - npm package definition with pinned tsp-client version
- **`package-lock.json`** - Lock file ensuring exact dependency versions

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (with npm) - Required to install and run tsp-client

## Installation

### Install dependencies

```bash
# Navigate to this directory
cd eng/common/tsp-client

# Install dependencies
npm ci

## Usage

After installation, you can run tsp-client by navigating to the directory and using npm exec:

```bash
cd eng/common/tsp-client

# Get help
npm exec --no -- tsp-client --help

# Check version
npm exec --no -- tsp-client version

# Generate client code
npm exec --no -- tsp-client generate --output-dir ./generated

# Initialize a new project
npm exec --no -- tsp-client init --tsp-config ./tspconfig.yaml
```

## CI/CD Best Practices

```bash
cd eng/common/tsp-client
npm ci
npm exec --no -- tsp-client init --update-if-exists --tsp-config https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/dee71463cbde1d416c47cf544e34f7966a94ddcb/specification/contosowidgetmanager/Contoso.WidgetManager/tspconfig.yaml
```

## Package Management

### Automatic Updates via Dependabot

Dependabot is configured to automatically check for updates to `@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli` daily and create pull requests with updated `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files. This ensures the package stays current with the latest versions while maintaining security through the PR review process.

### Manual Version Updates

If you need to manually update the tsp-client version:

1. Edit `package.json` to update the version:

   ```json
   {
     "dependencies": {
       "@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-cli": "0.8.0"
     }
   }
   ```

2. Update the lock file:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Commit both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
