sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/src/autorest.md, before:

# Azure SDK Code Generation for Data Plane

Run `dotnet build /t:GenerateCode` to generate code.

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest
``` yaml
input-file:
- https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/e01d8afe9be7633ed36db014af16d47fec01f737/specification/appconfiguration/data-plane/Microsoft.AppConfiguration/stable/1.0/appconfiguration.json
namespace: Azure.Data.AppConfiguration
title: ConfigurationClient
public-clients: true
```

### Change Endpoint type to Uri
``` yaml
directive:
  from: swagger-document
  where: $.parameters.Endpoint
  transform: $.format = "url"
  ```

  ### Modify operation names
``` yaml
directive:
- rename-operation:
    from: PutKeyValue
    to: SetConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: DeleteKeyValue
    to: DeleteConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: GetKeyValue
    to: GetConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: GetKeyValues
    to: GetConfigurationSettings
- rename-operation:
    from: PutLock
    to: CreateReadOnlyLock
- rename-operation:
    from: DeleteLock
    to: DeleteReadOnlyLock
```

Commit message:

[App Configuration] Add Key-value snapshot feature (#33780)
[App Configuration] Add Key-value snapshot feature

sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/src/autorest.md, after:

# Azure SDK Code Generation for Data Plane

Run `dotnet build /t:GenerateCode` to generate code.

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest
``` yaml
input-file:
- https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/3751704f5318f1175875c94b66af769db917f2d3/specification/appconfiguration/data-plane/Microsoft.AppConfiguration/preview/2022-11-01-preview/appconfiguration.json
namespace: Azure.Data.AppConfiguration
title: ConfigurationClient
public-clients: true
```

### Change Endpoint type to Uri
``` yaml
directive:
  from: swagger-document
  where: $.parameters.Endpoint
  transform: $.format = "url"
  ```

  ### Modify operation names
``` yaml
directive:
- rename-operation:
    from: PutKeyValue
    to: SetConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: DeleteKeyValue
    to: DeleteConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: GetKeyValue
    to: GetConfigurationSetting
- rename-operation:
    from: GetKeyValues
    to: GetConfigurationSettings
- rename-operation:
    from: PutLock
    to: CreateReadOnlyLock
- rename-operation:
    from: DeleteLock
    to: DeleteReadOnlyLock
- rename-operation:
    from: UpdateSnapshot
    to: UpdateSnapshotStatus
```
