eng/common/instructions/azsdk-tools/typespec-to-sdk.instructions.md, before:

---
description: 'Generate SDKs from TypeSpec'
---
Your goal is to guide user through the process of generating SDKs from TypeSpec projects. Show all the high level steps to the user to ensure they understand the flow. Use the provided tools to perform actions and gather information as needed.

## Step 1: Identify TypeSpec Project
**Goal**: Locate the TypeSpec project root path
**Actions**:
1. Check if `tspconfig.yaml` or `main.tsp` files are open in editor
2. If found, use the parent directory as project root
3. If not found, prompt user: "Please provide the path to your TypeSpec project root directory"
4. Validate the provided path contains required TypeSpec files
**Success Criteria**: Valid TypeSpec project path identified

## Step 2: Validate TypeSpec Specification
**Goal**: Ensure TypeSpec specification compiles without errors
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:validate-typespec.instructions.md
2. If validation succeeds, proceed to Step 3
3. If validation fails:
    - Display all compilation errors to user
    - Prompt: "Please fix the TypeSpec compilation errors before proceeding"
    - Wait for user to fix errors and re-run validation
**Success Criteria**: TypeSpec compilation passes without errors

## Step 3: Verify Authentication and Repository Status
**Goal**: Ensure user is authenticated and working in correct repository
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_github_user_details` to verify login status
2. If not logged in, prompt: "Please login to GitHub using `gh auth login`"
3. Once logged in, display user details to confirm identity
4. Run `azsdk_check_typespec_project_in_public_repo` to verify repository
5. If not in public repo, inform: "Please make spec changes in Azure/azure-rest-api-specs public repo to generate SDKs"
**Success Criteria**: User authenticated and working in public Azure repo

## Step 4: Review and Commit Changes
**Goal**: Stage and commit TypeSpec modifications
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_modified_typespec_projects` to identify changes
2. If no changes found, inform: "No TypeSpec projects were modified in current branch"
3. Display all modified files (excluding `.github` and `.vscode` folders)
4. Prompt user: "Please review the modified files. Do you want to commit these changes? (yes/no)"
5. If yes:
    - If on main branch, prompt user: "You are currently on the main branch. Please create a new branch using `git checkout -b <branch-name>` before proceeding."
    - Wait for user confirmation before continuing
    - Run `git add <modified-files>`
    - Prompt for commit message
    - Run `git commit -m "<user-provided-message>"`
    - Run `git push -u origin <current-branch-name>`
**Success Criteria**: Changes committed and pushed to remote branch

## Step 5: Choose SDK Generation Method
**Goal**: Determine how to generate SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Present options: "How would you like to generate SDKs?"
    - Option A: "Generate SDK locally". This is currently supported only for Python. Do not recommend this for other languages.
    - Option B: "Use SDK generation pipeline"
2. Based on selection:
    - If Option A: Refer to #file:create-sdk-locally.instructions.md and then proceed to Step 6
    - If Option B: Continue to Step 6
**Success Criteria**: SDK generation method selected

## Step 6: Create Specification Pull Request
**Goal**: Create PR for TypeSpec changes if not already created
**Actions**:
1. Check if spec PR already exists using `azsdk_get_pull_request_link_for_current_branch`
2. If PR exists, display PR details and proceed to Step 7
3. If no PR exists:
    - Refer to #file:create-spec-pullrequest.instructions.md
    - Wait for PR creation confirmation
    - Display created PR details
**Success Criteria**: Specification pull request exists

## Step 7: Generate SDKs via Pipeline
**Goal**: Create release plan and generate SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:create-release-plan.instructions.md
2. If SDK PRs exist, link them to the release plan
3. Refer to #file:sdk-details-in-release-plan.instructions.md to add languages and package names to the release plan
4. If TypeSpec project is for management plane, refer to #file:verify-namespace-approval.instructions.md to check package namespace approval.
5. Refer to #file:run-sdk-gen-pipeline.instructions.md with the spec PR
6. Monitor pipeline status and provide updates
7. Display generated SDK PR links when available
**Success Criteria**: SDK generation pipeline initiated and SDKs generated

## Step 8: Show Generated SDK PRs
**Goal**: Display all created SDK pull requests
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_sdk_pull_request_link` to fetch generated SDK PR info.

## Step 9: Validate Label and Codeowners
**Goal**: Validate the label and all codeowners for a service. Create new label and codeowner entry if none exist.
**Actions**:
1. To validate a service label refer to #file:./validate-service-label.instructions.md
2. After service label is validated or created refer to #file:./validate-codeowners.instructions.md
3. Handle post-validation actions based on results:
   - **If both label and codeowners were already valid**: Prompt user "Your service label and codeowners are already properly configured. Would you like to modify the existing codeowners entry for your service?"
   - **If new label or codeowner entries were created**: Display details of the label and codeowners PR if they were created, then prompt user "The following PRs have been created for your service configuration: [list PRs]. Would you like to make any additional modifications to these entries?"
**Success Criteria**: Service label exists and codeowners are properly configured with at least 2 valid owners. For created entries, showcase all PR's.

## Step 10: Create release plan
**Goal**: Create a release plan for the generated SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:create-release-plan.instructions.md to create a release plan using the spec pull request.
2. If the release plan already exists, display the existing plan details.

## Step 11: Mark Spec PR as Ready for Review
**Goal**: Update spec PR to ready for review status
**Actions**:
1. Prompt user to change spec PR to ready for review: "Please change the spec pull request to ready for review status"
2. Get approval and merge the spec PR

## Step 12: Release SDK Package
**Goal**: Release the SDK package using the release plan
**Actions**:
1. Run `ReleaseSdkPackage` to release the SDK package.
2. Inform user to approve the package release using release pipeline.

## Process Complete
Display summary of all created PRs and next steps for user.

Commit message:

Add confirmation before sdk generation

eng/common/instructions/azsdk-tools/typespec-to-sdk.instructions.md, after:

---
description: 'Generate SDKs from TypeSpec'
---
Your goal is to guide the user through the process of generating SDKs from TypeSpec projects. **Before starting**, show all the high level steps to the user and ask: 

> "Would you like to begin the SDK generation process now? (yes/no)"

Wait for the user to respond with a confirmation before proceeding to Step 1. Use the provided tools to perform actions and gather information as needed.

## Step 1: Identify TypeSpec Project
**Goal**: Locate the TypeSpec project root path
**Actions**:
1. Check if `tspconfig.yaml` or `main.tsp` files are open in editor
2. If found, use the parent directory as project root
3. If not found, prompt user: "Please provide the path to your TypeSpec project root directory"
4. Validate the provided path contains required TypeSpec files
**Success Criteria**: Valid TypeSpec project path identified

## Step 2: Validate TypeSpec Specification
**Goal**: Ensure TypeSpec specification compiles without errors
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:validate-typespec.instructions.md
2. If validation succeeds, proceed to Step 3
3. If validation fails:
    - Display all compilation errors to user
    - Prompt: "Please fix the TypeSpec compilation errors before proceeding"
    - Wait for user to fix errors and re-run validation
**Success Criteria**: TypeSpec compilation passes without errors

## Step 3: Verify Authentication and Repository Status
**Goal**: Ensure user is authenticated and working in correct repository
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_github_user_details` to verify login status
2. If not logged in, prompt: "Please login to GitHub using `gh auth login`"
3. Once logged in, display user details to confirm identity
4. Run `azsdk_check_typespec_project_in_public_repo` to verify repository
5. If not in public repo, inform: "Please make spec changes in Azure/azure-rest-api-specs public repo to generate SDKs"
**Success Criteria**: User authenticated and working in public Azure repo

## Step 4: Review and Commit Changes
**Goal**: Stage and commit TypeSpec modifications
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_modified_typespec_projects` to identify changes
2. If no changes found, inform: "No TypeSpec projects were modified in current branch"
3. Display all modified files (excluding `.github` and `.vscode` folders)
4. Prompt user: "Please review the modified files. Do you want to commit these changes? (yes/no)"
5. If yes:
    - If on main branch, prompt user: "You are currently on the main branch. Please create a new branch using `git checkout -b <branch-name>` before proceeding."
    - Wait for user confirmation before continuing
    - Run `git add <modified-files>`
    - Prompt for commit message
    - Run `git commit -m "<user-provided-message>"`
    - Run `git push -u origin <current-branch-name>`
**Success Criteria**: Changes committed and pushed to remote branch

## Step 5: Choose SDK Generation Method
**Goal**: Determine how to generate SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Present options: "How would you like to generate SDKs?"
    - Option A: "Generate SDK locally". This is currently supported only for Python. Do not recommend this for other languages.
    - Option B: "Use SDK generation pipeline"
2. Based on selection:
    - If Option A: Refer to #file:create-sdk-locally.instructions.md and then proceed to Step 6
    - If Option B: Continue to Step 6
**Success Criteria**: SDK generation method selected

## Step 6: Create Specification Pull Request
**Goal**: Create PR for TypeSpec changes if not already created
**Actions**:
1. Check if spec PR already exists using `azsdk_get_pull_request_link_for_current_branch`
2. If PR exists, display PR details and proceed to Step 7
3. If no PR exists:
    - Refer to #file:create-spec-pullrequest.instructions.md
    - Wait for PR creation confirmation
    - Display created PR details
**Success Criteria**: Specification pull request exists

## Step 7: Generate SDKs via Pipeline
**Goal**: Create release plan and generate SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:create-release-plan.instructions.md
2. If SDK PRs exist, link them to the release plan
3. Refer to #file:sdk-details-in-release-plan.instructions.md to add languages and package names to the release plan
4. If TypeSpec project is for management plane, refer to #file:verify-namespace-approval.instructions.md to check package namespace approval.
5. Refer to #file:run-sdk-gen-pipeline.instructions.md with the spec PR
6. Monitor pipeline status and provide updates
7. Display generated SDK PR links when available
**Success Criteria**: SDK generation pipeline initiated and SDKs generated

## Step 8: Show Generated SDK PRs
**Goal**: Display all created SDK pull requests
**Actions**:
1. Run `azsdk_get_sdk_pull_request_link` to fetch generated SDK PR info.

## Step 9: Validate Label and Codeowners
**Goal**: Validate the label and all codeowners for a service. Create new label and codeowner entry if none exist.
**Actions**:
1. To validate a service label refer to #file:./validate-service-label.instructions.md
2. After service label is validated or created refer to #file:./validate-codeowners.instructions.md
3. Handle post-validation actions based on results:
   - **If both label and codeowners were already valid**: Prompt user "Your service label and codeowners are already properly configured. Would you like to modify the existing codeowners entry for your service?"
   - **If new label or codeowner entries were created**: Display details of the label and codeowners PR if they were created, then prompt user "The following PRs have been created for your service configuration: [list PRs]. Would you like to make any additional modifications to these entries?"
**Success Criteria**: Service label exists and codeowners are properly configured with at least 2 valid owners. For created entries, showcase all PR's.

## Step 10: Create release plan
**Goal**: Create a release plan for the generated SDKs
**Actions**:
1. Refer to #file:create-release-plan.instructions.md to create a release plan using the spec pull request.
2. If the release plan already exists, display the existing plan details.

## Step 11: Mark Spec PR as Ready for Review
**Goal**: Update spec PR to ready for review status
**Actions**:
1. Prompt user to change spec PR to ready for review: "Please change the spec pull request to ready for review status"
2. Get approval and merge the spec PR

## Step 12: Release SDK Package
**Goal**: Release the SDK package using the release plan
**Actions**:
1. Run `ReleaseSdkPackage` to release the SDK package.
2. Inform user to approve the package release using release pipeline.

## Process Complete
Display summary of all created PRs and next steps for user.
