sdk/confidentialledger/Azure.Security.CodeTransparency/samples/Sample3_UseYourCredentials.md, before:

# Use your credentials

Your service might have [additional configuration][CTS_configuration_doc] which requires you to pass the authentication token in addition to the signature envelope.

Use [DefaultAzureCredential][default_cred_ref] to get your token:

```C# Snippet:CodeTransparencySample3_CreateClientWithCredentials
TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
string[] scopes = { "https://your.service.scope/.default" };
AccessToken accessToken = credential.GetToken(new TokenRequestContext(scopes), CancellationToken.None);
CodeTransparencyClient client = new(new Uri("https://<< service name >>.confidential-ledger.azure.com"), new AzureKeyCredential(accessToken.Token));
```

Once you construct the client instance the token will be sent in the `Authorization` header as `Bearer <token>`.

[CTS_configuration_doc]: https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/docs/configuration.md
[default_cred_ref]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md#defaultazurecredential

Commit message:

Azure.Security.CodeTransparency - improvements based on customer feedback (#53002)
* expose a util to access cbor values in responses, update samples, fix grammar
* update changelog
* be more explicit in the sample when verifying the transparent statement, i.e. fails if exception is thrown and succeeds otherwise
* Added new static verification method `CodeTransparencyClient.VerifyTransparentStatement` which accepts `CodeTransparencyVerificationOptions`, this allows verifying receipts from specific issuers
* rename code transparency to singing transparency
* make sure one valid receipt trumps authorized invalid ones if verification option requires it

sdk/confidentialledger/Azure.Security.CodeTransparency/samples/Sample3_UseYourCredentials.md, after:

# Use your credentials

Your service might have [additional configuration][CTS_configuration_doc] that requires an authentication token in addition to the signature envelope.

Use [DefaultAzureCredential][default_cred_ref] to obtain a token:

```C# Snippet:CodeTransparencySample3_CreateClientWithCredentials
TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
string[] scopes = { "https://your.service.scope/.default" };
AccessToken accessToken = credential.GetToken(new TokenRequestContext(scopes), CancellationToken.None);
CodeTransparencyClient client = new(new Uri("https://<< service name >>.confidential-ledger.azure.com"), new AzureKeyCredential(accessToken.Token));
```

After the client is constructed, the token is sent in the `Authorization` header as `Bearer <token>`.

[CTS_configuration_doc]: https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/docs/configuration.md
[default_cred_ref]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md#defaultazurecredential
